SHOULD instead of MUST use values of ACK_FREQUENCY (#151)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

specified in {{Section 13.2.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.

On receiving an ACK_FREQUENCY frame and updating its recorded `max_ack_delay`

> and `Ack-Eliciting Threshold` values ({{ack-frequency-frame}}), the endpoint SHOULD send an

Author: ```suggestion
and `Ack-Eliciting Threshold` values ({{ack-frequency-frame}}), the endpoint sends an
```
